observe emotive domestic tone this is a
stainless steel cylinder the most
remarkable example is black tunnel web
spiders are endemic to New Zealand
Africa is home to the world's tallest
land animal pollen is stored on
flowering plants
in structures called anthers so much
potential in one tiny water there now
that's what I call super cool hi my name
is Nelly I'm 23 years old and from Tulsa
in Norway I am currently finishing my
bachelor thesis in biology and my
favourite field is dry ology which for
you don't know and don't really care
about pop it's the green fluffy stuff on
the ground and for those who already
know that it's the green fuzzy stuff on
the ground its horn wears liver
liverworts and moss and I have been
chosen to be a BBC presenter which is a
sentence I thought I would never say but
I am so honored to have the opportunity
and I really can't wait to get started
and yeah I hope you're gonna see a lot
more of me I'm gonna tell you about the
most incredible thing in the whole wide
world
they store 25% of the world's soil
stored carbon therefore Spagna has a
greater impact on carbon fluxes and
therefore climate change than any other
plant Venus in the world don't tell that
to peat moss because that's exactly what
they do with our carbon you're thinking
although that's great for you and
Norwegians and all but what about the
rest of us don't you worry because
there's stung them on every single
continent apart from Antarctica so
there's plenty for all of us to leave
alone and protect so I would like to
extend a very deep thank you
- the spunk and it would be deep because
peat land is usually very deep would
spawn them
[Music]
you